{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}}
\f0\fs22
{\b\fs36 ExitEcom \endash  Google Ads API Design Documentation}\par
{\b\fs24 Application for Basic Access}\par
\par
Tool name: ExitEcom\par
Tool URL: https://dash.exitecom.com\par
Tool type: Web application (reporting and analytics)\par
API usage: Read-only (reporting only)\par
\par
{\b\fs28 1. Overview and purpose}\par
ExitEcom is a web application that helps e-commerce business owners understand how "exit-ready" (sellable) their business is. It produces an Exit Readiness Score, an indicative valuation range, and a risk analysis by connecting to the data sources the business owner authorizes \endash  their Shopify store, their Meta Ads account, and their Google Ads account \endash  and reconstructing the business's unit economics (revenue, margins, customer acquisition cost, and return on ad spend).\par
\par
The Google Ads integration lets the business owner pull their own advertising performance into this analysis so that the marketing-efficiency portion of their score is based on verified data rather than estimates.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 2. Who uses the tool}\par
The user is the advertiser (or a person the advertiser has authorized) analyzing their OWN Google Ads account. Each user connects their own account via Google OAuth and views reporting for only that account. ExitEcom does not manage advertising on behalf of third parties; it only reads and displays the authenticated user's reporting data.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 3. How ExitEcom uses the Google Ads API}\par
{\b Authentication.} Google OAuth 2.0 with the scope https://www.googleapis.com/auth/adwords, requested with access_type=offline to obtain a refresh token. The OAuth client ID, client secret, and the Google Ads API developer token are stored server-side only and are never exposed to the browser.\par
\par
{\b Services and methods used (read-only).}\par
\bullet  CustomerService.ListAccessibleCustomers \endash  lists the customer IDs the authenticated user can access, so the user can choose which account to analyze.\par
\bullet  GoogleAdsService.SearchStream \endash  runs read-only GAQL reporting queries against the chosen account.\par
\par
{\b GAQL reporting queries.} ExitEcom issues three read-only queries per sync:\par
\bullet  Account metadata: SELECT customer.id, customer.descriptive_name, customer.currency_code, customer.time_zone, customer.status FROM customer\par
\bullet  Monthly performance (trailing 12 months): SELECT segments.month, metrics.cost_micros, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks, metrics.conversions, metrics.conversions_value FROM campaign WHERE segments.date DURING LAST_365_DAYS\par
\bullet  Per-campaign performance: SELECT campaign.id, campaign.name, campaign.status, campaign.advertising_channel_type, metrics.cost_micros, metrics.conversions, metrics.conversions_value FROM campaign WHERE segments.date DURING LAST_365_DAYS\par
\par
{\b Frequency and volume.} Queries run when the user first connects and when they click "Sync now" (with an automatic refresh at most once every 6 hours). Volume is low: three reporting queries for the single account the user selects.\par
\par
{\b No mutate operations.} ExitEcom never creates, edits, pauses, removes, or otherwise manages campaigns, ad groups, ads, budgets, keywords, bids, or any other entity. It performs reporting reads only.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 4. Architecture and data flow}\par
\bullet  Frontend: a TanStack Start (React) single-page web application served at https://dash.exitecom.com.\par
\bullet  Backend: server-side functions (Node/Nitro runtime) perform all Google Ads API calls. The developer token and OAuth client secret live only in the server environment.\par
\bullet  OAuth flow: the user clicks "Continue with Google" -> Google consent screen (adwords scope, offline access) -> Google redirects to https://dash.exitecom.com/google-oauth-callback -> the server exchanges the authorization code for a refresh token -> ListAccessibleCustomers returns the user's accounts -> the user selects one -> the server runs the three GAQL reporting queries -> the results are stored and displayed.\par
\bullet  Storage and security: account metadata, the aggregated monthly and campaign reporting rows, and the OAuth refresh token are stored in a managed PostgreSQL database (Supabase) protected by row-level security, so each user can access only their own data. The refresh token is stored server-side and is never sent to the browser. All traffic is over HTTPS.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 5. How the data is presented to the user}\par
After connecting, the user sees a "Google Ads Data" dashboard that displays the reporting data in a clear, meaningful interface:\par
\bullet  Account summary: account name, customer ID, currency, time zone, status, and reporting window.\par
\bullet  Headline metrics: total spend (last 12 months), ROAS (labeled as reported by Google), total conversions, and blended customer acquisition cost (ad spend divided by new customers).\par
\bullet  Monthly table: spend, conversions, conversion value, and ROAS for each month.\par
\bullet  Campaign table: each campaign's type, status, spend, conversions, ROAS, and share of total spend.\par
\par
These Google Ads metrics also feed the "Marketing Efficiency" component of the user's Exit Readiness Score, giving the owner a verified, data-backed view of their acquisition efficiency alongside their other connected sources.\par
\par
{\b\fs28 6. Screens (user interface flow)}\par
{\b Screen 1 \endash  Connect Google Ads.} An "OAuth" option with a "Continue with Google" button, and a "Manual" option for advanced users to paste a customer ID and a refresh token. A notice states the connection is read-only and limited to the adwords reporting scope.\par
{\b Screen 2 \endash  Choose an account.} If the user has access to more than one Google Ads account, ExitEcom lists them (name, customer ID, currency, status) and the user selects which one to analyze.\par
{\b Screen 3 \endash  Google Ads Data dashboard.} The reporting dashboard described in section 5, with "Sync now" and "Disconnect" controls.\par
\par
(Live screenshots of each screen can be provided on request.)\par
\par
{\b\fs28 7. Policy compliance and data handling}\par
\bullet  Access requested: Basic. Operations: read-only reporting.\par
\bullet  Every account is accessed only with the owner's explicit OAuth authorization, for the read-only adwords scope.\par
\bullet  ExitEcom complies with the Google Ads API Terms of Service and Required Minimum Functionality by providing meaningful reporting and analytics features (the dashboards described above).\par
\bullet  The tool performs no automated bidding, account management, or mutate operations of any kind.\par
\bullet  Users can disconnect Google Ads at any time, which deletes the stored Google Ads reporting data and revokes the stored credentials within ExitEcom.\par
\bullet  Privacy policy: https://dash.exitecom.com/privacy\par
\bullet  Data deletion instructions: https://dash.exitecom.com/data-deletion\par
\par
{\b\fs28 8. Contact}\par
For any questions about this application or the tool's use of the Google Ads API: privacy@exitecom.com\par
}
